# Senator Stock Trading Tester
This is Cole Cestaro's Mobile Application. I am from John Handley High School. The app is a 10 question quiz of different FBLA topics. The app includes a terms and conditions view, introduction, instructions, social media integration, and a bug reporting screen. I used my brother's Mac, and his Apple developer account, to create the app. That is why some files use his developer account ID. Though, I completely designed and developed everything myself.
# Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.
# Installation Instructions
1. Download the "Quiz App for FBLA 2" project on a Mac computer  -  Press the green "Clone or download" button for the project and copy the "Git", which looks like a URL address. Open Xcode. Press the "Clone an existing project" button. Paste the Git into the prompted "Enter repository URL" bar. Press clone. Save onto the desktop by pressing desktop in the left-hand column. Press the bottom right, blue "Clone" button.
2. Import the project into Xcode  -  Open Xcode. Press the bottom right "open another project" button. Select the project name from the "Desktop" tab listing. DO NOT OPEN THE PROJECT. The project will be named "Coles-FBLA-Knowledge-Quiz" unless the name was changed. Once selected, the project will show the inner parts in the middle column. Select and open the "Quiz App for FBLA 2" folder.
3. Run the simulator  -  Select the iPhone simulator option in the top, dark grey row. This will display a blueprint with an iPhone in front image and an iPhone generation name. From the list that opens, select iPhone 8. The app was made for this generation specifically. Finally, press the triangle "start" button to the left of the iPhone simulator options list.
# Quiz Instructions
If running the app in the simulator, the terms and conditions page requires a click and drag with your mouse to continue. The navigation is straight forward. Buttons with directions will guide you through the app. You will be asked 10 FBLA related questions. Select the best option. Depending on your answer, you will either be moved to a "correct" or "incorrect" screen. From there, tap anywhere on the screen to advance to the explanation. Tap once more to go to the next question. You can skip and go back to questions using the labeled side buttons. You can answer questions as many times as you want, but your first answer is calculated in the score. Click the top-right "Finish" button to finish the quiz at any time. This app is a quiz to test your FBLA knowledge, so try your best! This will also hopefully be a great educational tool for you.
# Author
Cole Cestaro - University of Virginia Class of 2025
# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
